Scheduler: Update Agenda description (#645)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Scheduler/Agenda/description.md

> The Agenda view shows appointments as a simple list. This view does not render timetable cells. This allows the Scheduler to save screen space and display appointments more compactly.

Reviewer: You have a leap here from "no timetable cells" to "more compactly". Let's explicitly state what saves space. If there's no time scale, then (a) there are no empty spaces and (b) appointments don't have to be bigger or smaller based on their durations - they only need to display their text. 

(This is putting aside the parts with "This allows" and "more compactly" that both trigger my desire to rewrite.) 

```suggestion
The Agenda view shows appointments as a simple list. This is the most compact display style because it doesn't render a time scale. Appointments follow each other without empty spaces and their size doesn't depend on event duration.
```

> The Agenda view shows appointments as a simple list. This is the most compact display style because it doesn't render a time scale. Appointments follow each other without empty spaces and their size doesn't depend on event duration.

Reviewer 2: `Appointments follow each other without empty spaces and their size doesn't depend on event duration.`

Does each appointment have it's own size? If so, should it say "and their sizes do not depend on event duration".

To add the Agenda view to your Scheduler, declare it in the [views](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxScheduler/Configuration/views/) array.

[note] The Agenda view does not allow a user to add appointments or modify them by dragging.

> For more information about Agenda and other supported views, refer to the [View Types](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/) help topic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about Agenda and other supported views, refer to the following help topic: [View Types](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Scheduler/Views/View_Types/).
```
